I'd like to toast Ross and Emily of
course my big toast will be tomorrow at
the wedding so this is kind of my little
toast or or melba toast if you will okay
I've known Ross for a long time in fact
I know him when he was going out with
his first girlfriend I thought things
were really gonna work out for him until
the day he overinflated her nah
oh dear God I'm sure we're all very
excited uh that Ross and Emily are
getting married at Montgomery Hall I
mean to think my friend getting married
in Monty Hall oh come on
my Monty Hall let's make a deal come on
you people all right forget it
congratulations watch me I was laughing
out loud well I didn't want everyone to
think I was stupid so how you doing
my mother's driving me crazy we're also
getting married and happy I'm not you
let anything spoil Mack I just want to
say that Ross is a wonderful young man
well thanks we like him my god you must
have been a teenager when you had him
this guy was hammered okay there's no
way that you look like Ross's mother
then why would he say it because he's
crazy okay you came up to me earlier and
thanked me for my very moving
performance in Titanic my mother's right
never gonna get married you know what
that is
who wouldn't want you please I'm a
single mom with a 30 year old son
I'm getting married today morning rush
I'm getting married today
yeah you think you know I was here
[Applause]
well I've never done that with you
before nope
so uh how are you are you okay yeah yeah
you oh yes yes uh-huh you we did you
well I better get going yeah could you
not look I don't want to look
what we did last night was stupid
totally crazy stupid what are we
thinking I'm coming over tonight though
right oh yeah definitely
Oh
[Music]
friends family
I gather to celebrate here today joyous
union of Ross and be the happiness and
share with them today be with them
always Himalaya repeat after me
hi Emily hi Emily take thee Ross take
thee Ross as my lawfully wedded husband
in sickness and in health till death
parts us as my lawfully wedded husband
in sickness and in health until death
parts us
Ross you dr. V i Ross i Ross take thee
Emily take thee Rachel Emily
Emily shall I go on